---
layout: post
comments: true
categories: Hacks
---

### [Hack Manchester 2015](http://www.hackmanchester.com/).

##### Location: Science Museum, Manchester

##### Date: 24/10/2015 - 25/10/2015

##### Project: [Body Buddy](https://www.youtube.com/embed/YRa64_kNDX8)
                
I entered as the one person team CodePadawan (yes I like Star Wars.. ) in the aim to learn about MVC. I had never produced anything with MVC or ASP. In fact I hadn't even really touched Razor; but I figured this was the best way to get a crash course.
The idea was pretty simple, but came from a problem I recognised through my trials and tribs.

I have Crohns disease. Myself, and a few I know, have been in the state where either they have prepared for a sponsored event and then became ill, or have been unable to raise money for the charities that are important for them. I thought wouldn't it be great if there was     an easy way to find a replacement for your challenge or someone to complete a challenge in your stead? There are loads of people who enjoy doing crazy events for no reason.

I hoped to make a social networking site where people who, due to illness or injury, couldn't partake in voluntary activities could connect to people who do such activites for fun and don't want the hassel of raising money and sponsership.

Predictably, as I was using tech I am not comfortable with, am a new dev (6 weeks into work at this point), and was working alone, my product was pretty shoddy. However, I did get recognition for my idea and an honorary mention! (HOW SWEET!) which is amazing considering      the high quality of entries this year. There were some really fun ideas. I have a few favourites but won't mention them here. Check out the videos on youtube!

Most importantly, from this hack I achieved the aim of learning a lot about some tech I had no previous knowledge of. I came out of it with an overview of the basic concepts and how it all works together.

I loved this hack. I got to hang out with friends, was encouraged by judges and had a very comfy beanbag to get an hours sleep on. The food was good, the coffee was better and the SWAG bountiful. There was a lot of support on offer for a new dev and the atmosphere was         very friendly.</p>
Thank you to the team of people who made all of this possible. Extra special thank to Gemma (@ruby_gem) and the Esendex Boys for making this trip possible. You are all wonderful.
